When iOS reduce motion setting is enabled the static splashscreen is displayed for ~15s. This is because the animated splashscreen is used to trigger the transition and the animation never runs in reduce motion mode. The delay is a safety net that always dismissed the splash screen at 15 if nothing else does.
User and server scoped with allowance for same server accessed on a different URL.
Skip previous behaviour aligned to industry standards.  If less than ~3s into track skip to previous otherwise seek to start of current track.  Rapid double click seeks to start and then skips back.
Refactor events handling for android.  Make consistent with iOS behaviour. Resolve a bunch of issues with end of track events, stale data and no completion events for last tracks in queues.
Fix seek on android, requires estimated content length when transcoding or all seeks fail. Audio Quality: add 192kbps
Add track detail to more options sheet to provide much more detailed information on the file.
Next and previous track buttons now properly disable when there is no valid action for them (ie first track or last track and no repeat).
When tapping a song in results, only add that one song to the queue, not all the results
Playback status toast on tuned in screen
Fix arrow placement on skip interval buttons UI: Fix spacing when skip interval buttons are shown
Add Mix It Up (totally random) chip to the homescreen and tuned in page
Smooth out animated entry and exit of the panel player
Implement albumInfo on expanded player view. Implement Album level MBID override when server picks the wrong ID. Update MBID override browser and backups to handle artist & album overrides Implement fallback artist name / album title fuzzy text search when no MBID or no result returned for the MBID

Fix stale cover art in My Listening, improve artist icon, add pull to refresh
Unlock UI orientation for tablets
Clean up iconography with clearer and more specific icons
Tablet layout improvements
Show cover art in bottom sheets and context menus
Tablet layout for landscape mode and clean up for portrait mode
Add more grid breakpoints for tablets
Fix a small issue with startup
Persist migration status to speed up startup
